This time I only used 7.
How much is established, and I will leave you a full division.
Wait for him to come to the palace
You reveal all day long
No need to consider other
Even if Junior Brother really dies for you
I have no complaints
Cold Moon Polishing Palm
Although my shopkeeper can't help but
How could he not kill
I am not my boy
What did you kill?
Strange that his inner palm hit me
It's like a gentle breeze
White lotus has never been washed
It was really unscathed
How can a girl be smart?
But it didn't hurt my senior sister in the slightest
You cheat
How could it be the opposite?
Bailian, how are you?
Master, I'm fine.
How did you sneak attack?
I thought the girl was an upright person
It's really embarrassing.
Impossible, he has no internal strength at all
How can I resist my palm twice?
Not bad, Bailian has no internal strength
How did he manage it?
Is it Ying Feng again?